docs(refactor): review docs MTA-1808 (#442)
scaleway/docs-content: dedibox-network/ip-failover/how-to/configure-windows.mdx

  h1: How to configure a failover IP on Windows Server 2019
  paragraph: This page explains how to configure a failover on Windows Server 2019.
dates:
  validation: 2022-02-28
  posted: 2021-07-29
---

> Below you find information on how to configure a [failover IP](/dedibox-network/ip-failover/concepts/#failover-ips) on Dedibox servers running on Windows Server 2019.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page shows you how to configure a [failover IP](/dedibox-network/ip-failover/concepts/#failover-ips) on Dedibox servers running on Windows Server 2019.
```
